##  Your account on Push ##
Push it's a development interface created to build smart and connectible to various toll's features. Used to improve companies' Customer Service, lead capture, make researches and keep a close relationship with clients, Push's chatbots are available to connect on most channels: websites, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, SMS, Android, iOS, Telegram, Twitter, Line and Viber.

To have access to this resources start by creating your Account and Organization.

Just click here and follow the next steps:

1. Fill in the fields below and click on Continue.

​

2. Organization will be the "workspace" where you'll develop the actions. Name it and click on Continue.

>To identify system components, like Organization name, it's a good practice not to use special characters (eg. @ # $ %).

​

3. You'll be redirected to welcome page with a short description of the main available tools. When needed to connect to your Organization, access your home: https://push.ilhasoft.mobi.

## Adding a channel to your Organization ##
On the website's top right corner, you can access the development tools of your Organization. By clicking its name, you shall access properties.

​

There are many kinds and ways of available channels for you to integrate. Let's add Telegram and see how will the chat work? It's very easy!

1. Click at your Organization's name and then, at the engine icon right below the development options and choose Add channel.

​

2. Scroll down until you see Telegram option and click on it.

​

3. Follow the next three steps and Bot Father shall provide a Token ID. Next, copy that Token, paste it on the field Authentication Token and click on Submit.

​

4. That's it. Your Telegram chat is now connected to your Organization.

## Building the chat ##
Now we need to create the messages exchange actions. These actions, the ones that shall have direct contact with the user, are developed in **Flows** option. When you open that option, you'll see three sample flows created by the system to show you basic tool development features.

Click on **Sample Flow - Simple Poll** to open this flow.

​

**Ready to see some magic?!** There are many development options in order to reach a fluid and continuous chat between actions, and here is where you'll able to build it.

This flow has just two kinds of actions: **Send Message** and **Wait for response**.

​

On our knowledge base, it's available an action list with each description.

To allow the user to reach this flow and interact with the action build, it's necessary a trigger. At this example, we'll create a simple kind of trigger, called **Keyword trigger**. To do it, access **trigger** session and choose the first option Create a keyword trigger.

​

Type the keyword, select the flow to be launched and click on **Create Trigger**.

​

When the user sends the keyword to your Telegram chat, connected to Push system, the chosen flow will launch.

>Messages there are not triggers shall be received by your Org on Push, however it will be stored in Inbox. To take actions accordingly to the first message sent it's necessary to create a strategy to start a flow through triggers. Messages sent when the user is already inside a flow will be saved in Flows, on Messages option.

## Improving your chat with NLP ##
To filter a message according to its content, we can use a simple check of words and categorize it. However, besides being less flexible, this kind of filter is limited to words directly associated. For instance, to filter a positive reply, we can use words like Yes, Sure, ok, nice... What if the user misspells the word? Or even use most common chat texting words, like: Yep, Yup, Yeah, y... Well, this other words must also be manually added to the category filter! Now imagine having to administrate many flows, orgs and distinguished projects... That's not productive, right?

And if I said that we can ally this variety of category types within a simple message with an intent algorithm which is capable of translating an entire message on a single **intent**? Wouldn't that be great? And this is just one of the advantages of using NLP (Natural Processing Language) allied to your flows.

With Bothub, you'll be able to add natural language processing on multiple and most distinguished strategies. Using a collaborative model, it's possible to contribute to current existent training or create yours and invite more people to help building more content by adding new examples to your intent repository.

Shall we create your account? Access https://bothub.it and click **sign in** on top right corner.

​

Choose **Create account**, fill in the field with your data and click on **Register**.

​

To login just change the tab to **Login** and type your credentials.

The next step is creating your repository and start adding examples on it. On the top right of the window, click **start your bot**. Fill the fields and click **Create bot**.

​

Now start adding content to your interpretation mechanism by providing examples. To do it, choose **Examples**, you'll see a field and an option to categorize it. On this current process, we'll add examples related to detecting positives or negatives intents.

All you have to do is type the phrase (or word) and relate that to its intent.

​

When you finished adding examples, you must train the updates made. To do it, click on **Training**.

​

## Integrating the Bothub training to your Organization ##
Now that we have an NLP repository available it's needed to add that mechanism to flows so messages can be analyzed by.

Still on Bothub, access **Integration** tab and copy the Authorization code from your repository.

​

Now back to Push, click on the Organization's name to access its properties, scroll down until you see **Connect your Bothub repository** option and click on it. Paste the token you just got from Bothub and click on **Add token**.

​

And that's it! Now let's make the added repository work with the example flow we used on the beginning of this post.

Go to **Flows** area by clicking its option on the top of your window and again choose *Sample Flow - Simple Poll*. On the flow's action window, click on the *Wait for Filter Working* to edit it and modify the first rule's column from *has any of these words* the last option *has an intent*.

You'll see there're other kinds of filters to each response category.

​

It should looks like this after modifying both grades.

​

## Testing your chatbot ##
With your Telegram chat connected and the flow completed, now you can talk with the chatbot! Though the Telegram chat, send the keyword trigger that you've set, test it and tell us your thoughts about it! :)

Cya!
